Added useBrowserRecommendedResolution property to Viewer & CesiumWidget (#8222)
AnalyticalGraphicsInc/cesium: CHANGES.md

* Added ability to create partial ellipsoids using both the Entity API and CZML. New ellipsoid geometry properties: `innerRadii`, `minimumClock`, `maximumClock`, `minimumCone`, and `maximumCone`. This affects both `EllipsoidGeometry` and `EllipsoidOutlineGeometry`. See the updated [Sandcastle example](https://cesiumjs.org/Cesium/Apps/Sandcastle/?src=Partial%20Ellipsoids.html&label=Geometries). [#5995](https://github.com/AnalyticalGraphicsInc/cesium/pull/5995)
* Added `TileMapResourceImageryProvider` and `OpenStreetMapImageryProvider` classes to improve API consistency: [#4812](https://github.com/AnalyticalGraphicsInc/cesium/issues/4812)
* Added `credit` parameter to `CzmlDataSource`, `GeoJsonDataSource`, `KmlDataSource` and `Model`. [#8173](https://github.com/AnalyticalGraphicsInc/cesium/pull/8173)

> * Added `useBrowserRecommendedResolution` flag to 'Viewer' and 'CesiumWidget'. [8215](https://github.com/AnalyticalGraphicsInc/cesium/issues/8215)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `useBrowserRecommendedResolution` flag to `Viewer` and `CesiumWidget`. [8215](https://github.com/AnalyticalGraphicsInc/cesium/issues/8215)
```

Reviewer: Add a little more context about what the flag does and mention that it replaces the workaround in the 1.61 change list.
